Text on Powerpoint Slides:

1)
1. Player dashes and closes distance to melee minions
2. Player attacks melee minions

2)
1.  Player deflects orbs from both ranged minions and continues 

3)
1. Player dashes past the lava plume and continues onward


4)
1. Player dashes and closes distance to melee minions
2. Player attacks the melee minions
3. Player deflects the orbs from the ranged minions


5)
1. Player attacks continuously spawning melee minions to build rage
2. Player dashes to avoid snowballs hurled by the Ice Beast
3. Player uses Fire Rage to melt the ice barrier around the Ice Beast
4. Player attacks the Ice Beast


6)
1. Player dashes to close distance to melee minions
2. Player attacks melee minions to build rage
3. Player uses Fire Rage to melt the ice barrier around the Ice Beast
4. Player attacks the Ice Beast


7)
1. Player attacks continuously spawning melee minions to build rage
2. Player dashes to avoid the rolling Fire Beast
3. Player uses Ice Rage to extinguish the flames on the Fire Beast
4. Player attacks the Fire Beast


8)
1. Player dashes past the lava plume
2. Player approaches the explosive minion
3. Player uses Ice Rage to extinguish the explosive on the minion’s back
4. Player attacks the explosive minion


9)
1. Player dashes to close in on the melee minions
2. Player attacks the melee minions
3. Player uses Ice Rage to extinguish the explosive on the minion’s backs
4. Player deflects orbs of ranged minions
5. Player dashes towards the ranged minions
6. Player attacks ranged minions
7. Player attacks explosive minions


10)
1. Player moves forward
2. Player dashes into the explosive minion
3. Player attacks  melee minions
4. Player deflects orbs of ranged minion
5. Player uses Ice Rage to extinguish the flames on the Fire Beast
6. Player dashes to ranged minion
7. Player attacks ranged minion
8. Player attacks Fire Beast


11)
1. Player deflects ranged minion's orb, stunning him
2. Player dashes to the first melee minion
3. Player attacks and kills the minion
4. Player dashes to the ranged minion
5. Player attacks and kills the minion
6. Player attacks and kills the other melee minion
7. Player dashes to avoid the icicles
8. Player pulls lever that opens the door


12)
1. Player dashes to get between the minions
2. After the explosive minions light their bombs, player dashes into them
3. Both explosive minions explode near the ranged minions, killing them
4. Player kills the melee minions and build up rage
5. Player dashes to avoid the Ice Beast's attack
6. Player uses Fire Rage to break the Ice Beast's ice protection
7. Player uses Fire Rage to kill the Ice Beast


13)
1. Player attacks and kills nearby melee minions
2. Player dashes to avoid lava plumes
3. Player deflects the ragend minion's orb, stunnig him
4. Player uses Ice Rage to extinguish explosive minions' bombs if they're lit
5. Player attacks and kills explosive minions
6. Player attacks and kills ranged minion


14)
1. Player dashes to avoid icicles
2. Player attacks to deflect ranged minions' orbs, killing them
3. Player dashes to avoid icicles


15)
1. Player dashes into the explosive minions to knock them away
2. Player deflects the ranged minon's orb
3. Player attacks and kills the melee minions
4. Player dashes to avoid the rolling Fire Beasts
5. Player attacks and kills the ranged minion
6. Player dashes to avoid the rolling Fire Beasts
7. Player uses Ice Rage to extinguish explosive minions' bombs if they're lit
8. Player uses Ice Rage to extinguish the flames on the Fire Beasts
9. Player attacks and kills the explosive minions


16)
Player dashes away from the explosive minion.
Player attacks the regular minions.
Player dashes away from the Ice Beasts’ snowballs.
Player uses fire rage against the Ice Beasts’ ice barriers 
Player attacks the Yetis
Player hits leaver and moves to next area.


17)
Player attacks the regular minions.
 Player dashes through the traps when it is safe.
Player dashes away from the Ice Beasts’ snowballs.
Player uses fire rage against the Ice Beasts’ ice barriers 
Player attacks the Ice Beasts
Player moves to next area


18)
Player attacks the regular minions.
Player dodges magma beast’s roll attack.
Player uses ice rage to put out the magma beast.
Player attacks magma beast.
Player deflects the ranged minions’ attacks.
Player dashes away from the Ice Beasts’ snowballs.
Player uses fire rage against the Ice Beasts’ ice barriers 
Player attacks the Ice Beasts.
Player moves to next area.


19)
Player attacks regular minions.
Player dodges magma beast’s roll attack.
Player uses ice rage to put out the magma beast.
Player attacks magma beast.
Player dashes away from the Ice Beasts’ snowballs.
Player uses fire rage against the Ice Beasts’ ice barriers 
Player attacks the Ice Beasts.
Player activates the leavers in the right order.
Player moves on to the next level.


20)
Player deflects orbs back at the wizard (3 times).
Player attacks any minions. 
Player attacks wizard.
Player dodges wizard’s lava attack.
Player throws bomb at wizard to stun (3 times).
Player uses fire rage against wizard.
Player uses ice rage against wizard.
Player defeats wizard.
