Melee minions will come in large groups and the player will have to deal with them by using his regular attacks, dashing into them (which would knock them away), attracting them to traps or using his Rage Attacks to kill a bunch of them at once.

Ranged minions will come in small groups that will usually stay behind the melee minions. They will throw orbs that will follow the player. If the player is hit by them, he will be stunned for half a second and suffer moderate damage. The player can use his sword to deflect the orb back at the minion though.

Yetis are tank monsters who live on the ice realm. They move towards the player and once they get in range for their melee attack they charge a really strong punch that deals a lot of damage. The player will have to watch out for those attacks and time his dashes correctly. Besides that, the Yeti will eventually punch the ground, making ice spikes erupt all around him. However, this will let the Yeti dizzy for a couple seconds, so if the player manages to dash the spikes he may use his Basic Rage attack to destroy the ice and deal significantly more damage to the Yeti.

Explosive minions will have a bomb on their back. They will move towards the player and when they get close they will light their bomb, which will explode after 2 seconds, dealing area of damage to all units around them (including other enemies). The player can attack and safely kill the minion before the bomb is activated. After the bomb is lit, though, attacking it will only make it blow up sooner. During all times, the player can dash into the explosive minion to knock him back.

Magma beasts are tank monsters who live on the fire realm. When they get within a certain range from the player, they will transform into a rock sphere and quickly roll towards the player, who will be required to time his dash well to escape such thread. If a Magma beast hits him, the player will be knocked back and loose part of his rage. It will take some time to defeat this monsters with just regular attacks, but a certain technique can make it way faster: The player can use his Ice Rage attack to freeze the enemy and then dash into him to break him into pieces.